What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever done?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s your favourite TV show?
Would you rather be the funniest or smartest person in the room?
Would you rather meet your ancestors or descendants?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would they be?
Who are 3 people you want on your zombie apocalypse team and why?
What fashion trend do you regret?
Who would you invite onto your talk show?
What artist/band is your guilty pleasure?
What’s your favourite dad joke?
What do you pretend to hate but actually love?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
What’s the weirdest fact you know?
What would be the ultimate scientific discovery?
If you didn’t have to work, what would you do with your time?
If you could go back to any moment in time, when would it be?
If you could give your past self advice, what would it be?
What do you want for your future?
What would your superpower be and why?
Would you like to be able to see into the future?
Spring, summer, fall or winter?
What’s your favourite food?
How many cups of coffee, tea, or beverage-of-choice do you have each morning?
What animal represents you?
What was your dream profession growing up?
What is something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t done yet?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
What’s your dream car?
If you had a million dollars, what would be the first thing you bought?
Who’s the most famous person you’ve ever met?
What’s your favorite hobby?
What clubs were you a member of in high school?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you could pick up a new skill in an instant what would it be?
Do you collect anything?
If you could instantly become an expert in something, what would it be?
What’s your favorite quote?
What’s your favorite boardgame?
What was the worst job you ever had?
If you had to teach a class on one thing, what would you teach?
If you could magically become fluent in any language, what would it be?
What was your least favorite food as a child? Do you still hate it or do you love it now?
If you were forced to sing karaoke, what song would you choose and why?
What was your least favorite childhood chore and why?
What’s your caffeinated beverage of choice? Coffee? Cola? Tea?
Have you ever been in a movie, TV show, or play? What was your role?
If you could hang out with any cartoon character, who would you choose and why?
If you could be in any movie, what would it be and what character would you play?
Which actor would you want to play you in the movie about your life?
What book did you read that changed your life the most?
If you could see one movie again for the first time, what would it be and why?
You have your own late-night talk show. Who do you invite as your first guest?
What was your favorite band ten years ago?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the greatest TV show ever made?
What’s the worst TV show ever made?
Do you watch any TV shows that you pretend you don’t watch when people ask?
What was your favorite movie as a kid and why?
If I handed you a plane ticket right now to anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What was your favorite trip you went on?
Road trip or plane trip?
What is your favorite thing to do locally?
If you could either live where it only snows or the temperature never falls below 100 degrees, which would it be?
If you could live in any country, where would you live?
Snow, sand, or other?
You’re going sail around the world. What’s the name of your boat?
If you could have the power of teleportation right now, where would you go and why?
When’s the last time you went somewhere for the first time?
What is something you think is totally overrated?
What’s one piece of advice you wish you’d gotten sooner?
What’s your best scary story?
If you had 25 hours each day, how would you use your extra time?
If you were a wrestler what would be your entrance theme song?
If you were a superhero what would your name be?
If you were a superhero what would your superpower be and why?
What’s the best piece of advice you have ever been given?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever given?
If you could be guaranteed one thing in life (besides money), what would it be?
If you could be the funniest or smartest person in the room, which would you choose?
If extraterrestrials landed on earth and offered to take you with them, would you go?
If extraterrestrials landed on earth, who would you recommend as their first point of contact and why?
If you could go to Mars, would you? Why or why not?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three items would you want to have with you?
If you could be the world’s best athlete in any sport, which one would it be any why?
How would you describe your sense of humor?
What’s your most-used emoji?
What emoji best describes you?
If you ran the world, what’s one thing you’d change?
What would be your campaign slogan if you were running for office?
